TEXT:  Now we begin our infinite conversation. The topics will be innumberable as we explore the Dharma.
RESPONSE:   And we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  And we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma. And then we
PROMPT_LINES:  [' And we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we will begin our infinite conversation by listening to the Dharma', ' And then we']
PROMPT:   And then we. And you know the difference.
RESPONSE:   And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we.
RAW:0:2:  [' And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we.']
TEXT:  And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we. And then we.
PROMPT_LINES:  [' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we', ' And then we']
PROMPT:   And then we. It doesn't say look for experience that's pleasant and then be aware of it.
RESPONSE:   It says look for experience that's unpleasant and be aware of it. So the first thing we need to do is we need to look for experience that's unpleasant. We're looking for experience that's unpleasant. And then we have to look for the way that experience is pleasant. And then we have to look for the way in which we can be aware of it, be aware of it. And then we can begin to be able to be aware of the present moment. And the Buddha's teaching
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  It says look for experience that's unpleasant and be aware of it. So the first thing we need to do is we need to look for experience that's unpleasant. We're looking for experience that's unpleasant. And then we have to look for the way that experience is pleasant. And then we have to look for the way in which we can be aware of it, be aware of it. And then we can begin to be able to be aware of the present moment. And the Buddha's teaching
PROMPT_LINES:  [" It says look for experience that's unpleasant and be aware of it", " So the first thing we need to do is we need to look for experience that's unpleasant", " We're looking for experience that's unpleasant", ' And then we have to look for the way that experience is pleasant', ' And then we have to look for the way in which we can be aware of it, be aware of it', ' And then we can begin to be able to be aware of the present moment', " And the Buddha's teaching"]
PROMPT:   And the Buddha's teaching. But I don't think that's the world we want to live in.
RESPONSE:   And so I think that's part of the challenge is to figure out how to do it. And I think that's a very important part of this process. And I think that's a very wise way to do it. It's something we have to do. It's not something we just have to accept. And I think that's something we need to do. And so I think that's a very wise way to do it. And I think that's a very wise way to do it
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  And so I think that's part of the challenge is to figure out how to do it. And I think that's a very important part of this process. And I think that's a very wise way to do it. It's something we have to do. It's not something we just have to accept. And I think that's something we need to do. And so I think that's a very wise way to do it. And I think that's a very wise way to do it
PROMPT_LINES:  [" And so I think that's part of the challenge is to figure out how to do it", " And I think that's a very important part of this process", " And I think that's a very wise way to do it", " It's something we have to do", " It's not something we just have to accept", " And I think that's something we need to do", " And so I think that's a very wise way to do it", " And I think that's a very wise way to do it"]
PROMPT:   And I think that's a very wise way to do it. It's hard to change the ocean liner, make it go a different way.
RESPONSE:   But I think that's the way it works. I think you're right. It's hard to change the ocean liner, make it go a different way. But I think that's the way it works. So I think that's an interesting point. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. I really appreciate it. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  But I think that's the way it works. I think you're right. It's hard to change the ocean liner, make it go a different way. But I think that's the way it works. So I think that's an interesting point. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. I really appreciate it. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your questions. Thank you
PROMPT_LINES:  [" But I think that's the way it works", " I think you're right", " It's hard to change the ocean liner, make it go a different way", " But I think that's the way it works", " So I think that's an interesting point", ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your questions', ' I really appreciate it', ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your questions']
PROMPT:   Thank you for your questions. It's just like, I just want to shake it off and just like, just be done, be done, be done with it.
RESPONSE:   And then when it's gone, it's gone. So I just wanted to put that in there for your reference. So, you know, just like, like, whatever. Okay. So, you know, thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest in, you know, doing meditation or whatever. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest.
RAW:0:2:  [" And then when it's gone, it's gone. So I just wanted to put that in there for your reference. So, you know, just like, like, whatever. Okay. So, you know, thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest in, you know, doing meditation or whatever. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest."]
TEXT:  And then when it's gone, it's gone. So I just wanted to put that in there for your reference. So, you know, just like, like, whatever. Okay. So, you know, thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest in, you know, doing meditation or whatever. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your interest. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest.
PROMPT_LINES:  [" And then when it's gone, it's gone", ' So I just wanted to put that in there for your reference', ' So, you know, just like, like, whatever', ' So, you know, thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your interest in, you know, doing meditation or whatever', ' Thank you for your time', ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your interest', ' Thank you for your interest', ' Thank you for your questions', ' Thank you for your interest']
PROMPT:   Thank you for your interest. It's a very, very old text.
RESPONSE:   It's a very ancient text. And there are many versions of it. There's, I think, probably in the thousands of copies that have survived. It's not, it's not a very common text. But I find it very, very interesting. And I think, and I think it's kind of interesting that the word dhamma is translated as teachings. And I think it's a translation that, I think is accurate. And I think it's a very, a very good
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  It's a very ancient text. And there are many versions of it. There's, I think, probably in the thousands of copies that have survived. It's not, it's not a very common text. But I find it very, very interesting. And I think, and I think it's kind of interesting that the word dhamma is translated as teachings. And I think it's a translation that, I think is accurate. And I think it's a very, a very good
PROMPT_LINES:  [" It's a very ancient text", ' And there are many versions of it', " There's, I think, probably in the thousands of copies that have survived", " It's not, it's not a very common text", ' But I find it very, very interesting', " And I think, and I think it's kind of interesting that the word dhamma is translated as teachings", " And I think it's a translation that, I think is accurate", " And I think it's a very, a very good"]
PROMPT:   And I think it's a very, a very good. And the last one, Feynman's Disrepute, these are the words of the Buddha.
RESPONSE:   They're the first ones that he ever used. He said, and this is a translation of the original, you know, Sanskrit words, but he said, there's no need for that. There's no need for self-exaltation. There's no need for pride. There's no need for arrogance. There's no need for conceit. He said that the last one is the most difficult of all. It's called the last one. That's what I'm teaching today.
RAW:0:2:  [" They're the first ones that he ever used. He said, and this is a translation of the original, you know, Sanskrit words, but he said, there's no need for that. There's no need for self-exaltation. There's no need for pride. There's no need for arrogance. There's no need for conceit. He said that the last one is the most difficult of all. It's called the last one. That's what I'm teaching today."]
TEXT:  They're the first ones that he ever used. He said, and this is a translation of the original, you know, Sanskrit words, but he said, there's no need for that. There's no need for self-exaltation. There's no need for pride. There's no need for arrogance. There's no need for conceit. He said that the last one is the most difficult of all. It's called the last one. That's what I'm teaching today.
PROMPT_LINES:  [" They're the first ones that he ever used", " He said, and this is a translation of the original, you know, Sanskrit words, but he said, there's no need for that", " There's no need for self-exaltation", " There's no need for pride", " There's no need for arrogance", " There's no need for conceit", ' He said that the last one is the most difficult of all', " It's called the last one", " That's what I'm teaching today"]
PROMPT:   That's what I'm teaching today. Delusion by its very nature is harder to see.
RESPONSE:   It's easier to hide. And so, you know, it's a very difficult thing to see. And that's what I'm teaching today. And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I thought of it as a kind of a metaphor for this is the hardest part of meditation. And so, so, you know, the Buddha was saying, and I thought of it as a metaphor for this is the hardest part of meditation. And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  It's easier to hide. And so, you know, it's a very difficult thing to see. And that's what I'm teaching today. And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I thought of it as a kind of a metaphor for this is the hardest part of meditation. And so, so, you know, the Buddha was saying, and I thought of it as a metaphor for this is the hardest part of meditation. And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I
PROMPT_LINES:  [" It's easier to hide", " And so, you know, it's a very difficult thing to see", " And that's what I'm teaching today", ' And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I thought of it as a kind of a metaphor for this is the hardest part of meditation', ' And so, so, you know, the Buddha was saying, and I thought of it as a metaphor for this is the hardest part of meditation', ' And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I']
PROMPT:   And so, but the Buddha himself said, and I. And we hadn't done much of that at all.
RESPONSE:   I mean, we hadn't done anything. We had to sit there and do it. And so, you know, I think it's a very, it's a very valuable teaching. But I think it's also a very, it's also a very, it's a very, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's hard. And it's a very, it's a very, it's a very difficult thing to do.
RAW:0:2:  [" I mean, we hadn't done anything. We had to sit there and do it. And so, you know, I think it's a very, it's a very valuable teaching. But I think it's also a very, it's also a very, it's a very, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's hard. And it's a very, it's a very, it's a very difficult thing to do."]
TEXT:  I mean, we hadn't done anything. We had to sit there and do it. And so, you know, I think it's a very, it's a very valuable teaching. But I think it's also a very, it's also a very, it's a very, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's hard. And it's a very, it's a very, it's a very difficult thing to do.
PROMPT_LINES:  [" I mean, we hadn't done anything", ' We had to sit there and do it', " And so, you know, I think it's a very, it's a very valuable teaching", " But I think it's also a very, it's also a very, it's a very, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's hard", " And it's a very, it's a very, it's a very difficult thing to do"]
PROMPT:   And it's a very, it's a very, it's a very difficult thing to do. But as we started to develop it, we realized it really is actually a rather condensed book for the subject matter.
RESPONSE:   It's actually a very concise book. It's not, it's not a book that you'll read many times. You'll read it once and then forget about it. But it's a book that gives you a really good overview of the, of what we're doing. It gives you a really good overview of the science. It gives you a sense of how we think about the question of climate change, how we think about human causes, and how we think about solutions. And then it
ERROR:  []
TEXT:  It's actually a very concise book. It's not, it's not a book that you'll read many times. You'll read it once and then forget about it. But it's a book that gives you a really good overview of the, of what we're doing. It gives you a really good overview of the science. It gives you a sense of how we think about the question of climate change, how we think about human causes, and how we think about solutions. And then it
PROMPT_LINES:  [" It's actually a very concise book", " It's not, it's not a book that you'll read many times", " You'll read it once and then forget about it", " But it's a book that gives you a really good overview of the, of what we're doing", ' It gives you a really good overview of the science', ' It gives you a sense of how we think about the question of climate change, how we think about human causes, and how we think about solutions', ' And then it']
PROMPT:   And then it. That's actually what would kind of bring me back, is that I have back pain, and then I would start to kind of feel that a little bit and correct my posture.
